In that case kindly see below

k get pods -n flink-a
NAME                                                    READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
pii-virtualizer-jm-6f9ddfccdb-7vsth                     1/1     Running   0          25m
pii-virtualizer-tm-f4d56c9d-7hlbm                       1/1     Running   0          25m
pii-virtualizer-tm-f4d56c9d-8tw67                       1/1     Running   0          25m
pii-virtualizer-tm-f4d56c9d-9dxth                       1/1     Running   0          25m
pii-virtualizer-tm-f4d56c9d-bzss6                       1/1     Running   0          25m
pii-virtualizer-tm-f4d56c9d-hvd57                       1/1     Running   0          25m
pii-virtualizer-tm-f4d56c9d-knjlp                       1/1     Running   0          25m
pii-virtualizer-tm-f4d56c9d-lj87f                       1/1     Running   0          25m
pii-virtualizer-tm-f4d56c9d-qkbw9                       1/1     Running   0          25m
pii-virtualizer-tm-f4d56c9d-qzk7w                       1/1     Running   0          25m
pii-virtualizer-tm-f4d56c9d-r9bbw                       1/1     Running   0          25m
pii-virtualizer-tm-f4d56c9d-t7vb5                       1/1     Running   0          25m
pii-virtualizer-tm-f4d56c9d-wfrh4                       1/1     Running   0          25m
pii-virtualizer-tm-f4d56c9d-z8nf8                       1/1     Running   0          25m
pii-virtualizer-tm-f4d56c9d-zcx6b                       1/1     Running   0          25m
pii-virtualizer-tm-f4d56c9d-zhsrp                       1/1     Running   0          25m
psid-mapper-log-type-content-jm-665c7675dd-bjvgn        1/1     Running   0          102d
psid-mapper-log-type-content-tm-6747f87c7f-wn5td        1/1     Running   0          22d
psid-mapper-log-type-event-jm-5777f467b8-w5jm2          1/1     Running   0          102d
psid-mapper-log-type-event-tm-7bc954b5d5-vbkhx          1/1     Running   0          22d
psid-mapper-log-type-input-source-jm-7cf7bcb694-vq6lb   1/1     Running   0          173d
psid-mapper-log-type-input-source-tm-7fbbfcf7-2vlrd     1/1     Running   0          22d
psid-mapper-log-type-version-jm-86bf877d4d-b9q2d        1/1     Running   0          173d
psid-mapper-log-type-version-tm-d4446cf7c-tlfvk         1/1     Running   0          22d
res-ce-jm-6d5c5fd7fb-bc4b9                              1/1     Running   0          152d
res-ce-tm-7bf9f77f45-2mrdn                              1/1     Running   0          21d
res-ce-tm-7bf9f77f45-2xdmd                              1/1     Running   0          22d
res-ce-tm-7bf9f77f45-bnvn4                              1/1     Running   0          22d
res-ce-tm-7bf9f77f45-qqvmh                              1/1     Running   0          21d
❯ k get pod psid-mapper-log-type-content-jm-665c7675dd-bjvgn -n flink-a -o yaml | grep -A3 ports
    ports:
    - containerPort: 6123
      name: rpc
      protocol: TCP
❯ k get pod psid-mapper-log-type-content-tm-6747f87c7f-wn5td -n flink-a -o yaml | grep -A3 ports
    ports:
    - containerPort: 6122
      name: rpc
      protocol: TCP
